== Basics ==
  #. using multi-touch
   * If your mac support multi-touch. MPlayerX could resize the window by how you resize the image in Preview with two fingers. And forward/backward when you swipe ↑↓←→ with three fingers.
  #. load subtitles
   * if the Movie file name is *part of* or *equal to* the Subtitle file name _(excluding file extension)_, the Subtitle will be loaded automatically before playback starts.
  #. about the text subtitle encoding detection
   * If the file is considered as a subtitle file, AND with the file extension, which is one of _(utf, utf8, utf-8, srt, smi, rt, txt, ssa, aqt, jss, js, ass)_, it will be considered as a *TEXT* subtitle, then MPlayerX will use UCD to detect the encoding, other wise, it may be loaded but its encoding method won't be checked.
   If the file extensions lack some ones you are using, please let me know.
   If there are multiple TEXT subtitle files with different encoding method. MPlayerX will use the first detected one.
----
----

== Some Keyboard shortcuts ==
|| *Keys* || *Functions* ||
|| ↑↓←→ || seek +60, -60, +10, -10 seconds || 
|| CTRL + ↑↓← || increase/decrease/reset speed ||
|| OPT   + ↑↓← || increase/decrease/reset Audio Delay ||
|| CMD  + ↑↓← || increase/decrease/reset Subtitle Delay ||
|| c || show/hide accessary controls ||
|| space || Play/Pause ||
|| f || toggle Fullscreen ||
|| SHIFT + f || toggle Fill screen ||
|| =/- || increase/decrease volume ||
|| CMD + =/- || increase/decrease subtitle size ||
|| m || toggle mute ||
|| a || switch audio ||
|| s || switch subtitle ||
|| CMD + SHIFT + c || continue from last stopped time pos ||

----
----
== Advanced Topics ==
===Using multi-thread ffmpeg===
Although this setting is disclosed in Preferences, I can't assure it will always perform right with this setting ON, since ffmpeg-mt is still under intensive development. However certainly some HQ movies needs ffmpeg-mt, so please turn it on when you think you really need it.
<p></p>
----
===Using external codecs===
Although ffmpeg is a so powerful codecs package, sometimes it can't do it right for some codec, such as Real Codecs. MPlayerX could take advantage of external codecs, but it needs some work.
  #. open Terminal in /Applications/Utilities/
  #. cd ~/Library/Preferences/
  #. type  *{{{defaults write org.niltsh.MPlayerX Prefer64bitMPlayer 0}}}*
    this hidden setting will force MPlayerX to use the 32bit version of mplayer, whatever your Mac has a 64bit CPU or not.
  #. right-click MPlayerX > show Package Content, goto *Contents/Resources/binaries/m32/codecs*
  #. copy the codec binaries into *MPlayerX.app/Contents/Resources/binaries/m32/codecs/*
    (e.g Real Codec binaries in *{{{RealPlayer.app/Contents/Frameworks/HXClientKit.framework/HelixPlugins/Codecs/*.bundle}}}*)
<p></p>
----
===Change subtitle font===
By default, MPlayerX uses *MicroHei* font from *WenQuanYi*_([http://www.wenq.org])_, which is adopted from _Google Droid Font_. For me, it balances between aesthetics and extensive language support._(also copyright should be considered)._
If you really want to change the subtitle font by your own favorite. Follow this:
  #. open Terminal in /Applications/Utilities/
  #. cd ~/Library/Preferences/
  #. type  *{{{defaults write org.niltsh.MPlayerX SubFontPath "the full path of your font"}}}*
    but remember with this setting, you risk yourself with the possibility of mono-language support, since not all fonts support as many languages as *MicroHei* could. This is also the reason I didn't expose this setting in the Preferences.
<p></p>
----
=== More {{{defaults write}}} settings ===
<p>Although there are many value could be tuned in MPlayerX, I didn't disclose them to the UI, because I couldn't figure out a *beautiful way* to show them in the Preferences, either I think personally, most user won't care about them that much.</p>
<p>But for some ones, if you are not satisfied by the current MPlayerX. following are what you could change by {{{defaults}}} in Terminal.</p>

|| *name* || *type* || *default value* || *meaning* ||
|| CtrlUIAutoHideTime || float || 2 || the *half* value of the time to hide the player controller in seconds ||
|| SpeedStepTime || float || 0.1 || when to change the speed in the accessary control(the TextField), the increment value when press ↑↓ ||
|| SubDelayStepTime || float || 0.1 || similar with {{{SpeedStepTime}}}, the time in seconds||
|| AudioDelayStepTime || float || 0.1 || similar with {{{SpeedStepTime}}}, the time in seconds||
|| SubScaleStepValue || float || 0.1 || similar with {{{SpeedStepTime}}}, it is rational to set this value within 0-1 ||
|| SeekStepTimeLR || float || 10 || when use ←→ to forward/backward, the jump time in seconds ||
|| SeekStepTimeUB || float || 60 || when use ↑↓ to forward/backward, the jump time in seconds ||
|| VolumeStep || float || 10 || when use =/- or menu to increase/decrease the volume, the increment value(should be within 0-100) ||
|| SnapshotSavePath || string || _(internal value)_ || if you don't want to save the snapshot pics on the desktop, the *Full Path* of the folder where you want to save it||
|| DebugEnableOpenURL || BOOL || NO || it is now, MPlayerX disabled to open a streaming in the internet, because this feature is really unreliable (in my computer). I will enable it when mplayer has solve the problem. But if you want to try, you could turn it on ||